Once the CSS selectors are in place, add the appropriate declarations (CSS properties and values) to complete the style rules.
headings
-CHECK DONE
Heading levels 1 through 4 should have the same styling - text shadow, foreground color, font family, margin and text alignment, and use uppercase letters - except:

    the level 2 headings should also have a font size of 48px and letter spacing of 4px - both expressed in rem units - and a normal font weight.
    the level 3 headings should also have a font size of 32px - expressed in rem units - a normal font weight, but no text shadow and a foreground color of black.
    the level 4 heading should also have a font size of 24px, letter spacing of 4px and bottom padding of 18px - all expressed in rem units - and a normal font weight.
-CHECK DONE
The level 5 heading should be styled with:

    a font size of 16px, top margin of 4px, padding (top, bottom, left, and right) of 8px - all expressed in rem units.
    a background color of #333 and foreground color of #FFF.
    a normal font weight and a text alignment that matches the other headings.

If you decide that you would like to use a different foreground color for the headings, you are more than welcome to change it; just make sure that it is suitable for display on the Web and easy to read.
section & paragraph -CHECK DONE

The sections should be styled with a top margin of 8px, expressed in rem units, while the paragraphs should have:

    a top and bottom margin of 16px, expressed in rem units, and a left and right margin set to auto.
    padding top and bottom of 0 and padding left and right of 16px, expressed in rem units.
    a width of 90% and left-aligned text.-CHECK DONE

figure, image, & footer

The figure must be styled with a bottom margin of 32px, expressed in rem units. Additionally:

    give the figcaption a top padding of 8px, expressed in rem units, and text that is right aligned.

We also want to make the image somewhat responsive to the size of the browser window, and prevent it from exceeding its actual pixel size. In this case, give the image:

    a width of 100%.
    a top and bottom margin of 0, and a left and right margin set to auto.
    a maximum width of 800px, expressed in rem units.

For the footer, apply a padding (top, bottom, left, and right) of 16px, expressed in rem units, and give it a top border with:

    a width of 32px, expressed in rem units
    a solid style and a color of #333.


The two symbols in the level 4 heading don't quite display with enough space next to the text. To adjust it, use a child selector to create a new style rule that targets the span element within the heading.

Style the symbols with:

    a top and bottom padding of 0
    a left and right padding of 8px, expressed in rem units.
